docs: clarify task working directories (#9098)
hashicorp/nomad: website/pages/docs/drivers/external/lxc.mdx

  }
  ```

> - `volumes` - (Optional) A list of `host_path:container_path` strings to
> bind-mount host paths to container paths. Mounting host paths outside of the
> [allocation working directory] can be disabled on clients by setting the
> [`volumes_enabled`](#volumes_enabled) option set to false. This will limit
> volumes to directories that exist inside the allocation directory.

Reviewer: This is a WAG assuming that LXC's default harmonizes with docker.  Toss if not.
```suggestion
- `volumes` - (Optional) A list of `host_path:container_path` strings to
  bind-mount host paths to container paths. Mounting host paths outside of the
  [allocation working directory] is disabled by default and limits volumes to
  directories that exist inside the allocation working directory. You can enable
  mounting host paths outside of the [allocation working directory] on
  individual clients by setting the [`volumes_enabled`](#volumes_enabled) option
  to `true` in the client's configuration```

Author: It most likely does... but let me check their code to confirm that.

Author: No, unfortunately it's backwards. That driver defaults `volumes_enabled` to true: https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-driver-lxc/blob/master/lxc/driver.go#L47. But I'll use your better wording here and swap the values.

Author: Fixed in 299b5b1

  }
  ```

- `volumes` - (Optional) A list of `host_path:container_path` strings to
  bind-mount host paths to container paths. Mounting host paths outside of the
  [allocation working directory] is allowed by default. You can prevent
  mounting host paths outside of the [allocation working directory] on
  individual clients by setting the [`volumes_enabled`](#volumes_enabled)

>   option to `false` in the client's configuration```

Reviewer: Looks like a rogue fence made it in there from edits
```suggestion
  option to `false` in the client's configuration
```

Author: Oops, thanks!
